doc: bootloader update table (#14507)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/config_and_build/bootloaders/index.rst

     - Yes
     - :doc:`See imgtool <mcuboot:imgtool>`
     - No
     - Yes `*`
     - Yes
     - :ref:`Monotonic (HW) <bootloader_monotonic_counter>`, :ref:`Semantic (SW) <ug_fw_update_image_versions_mcuboot>`
     - Image swap - single primary
       Dual-slot direct-xip

> `*` Only for Bluetooth LE and serial UART.

Reviewer: However, this will then raise new questions from for example Mesh and Matter users etc.

> `*` Only for Bluetooth LE and serial UART.

Reviewer: Hmmm, maybe we can do this instead:
```suggestion
`*` Only for Bluetooth LE and serial UART. ( See [Device Firmware Update]link docs to learn about other DFU methods)
```

> `*` Only for Bluetooth LE and serial UART.

Author: Applied latest suggestion

> `*` Only for Bluetooth® Low Energy and serial UART. (See the :ref:`ug_fw_update` page to learn about other DFU methods.)

Reviewer 2: I suggest this * is handled like the * here: https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/samples/zigbee.html

     - Yes
     - :doc:`See imgtool <mcuboot:imgtool>`
     - No

>      - Yes `*`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - `*`
```

     - Yes
     - :ref:`Monotonic (HW) <bootloader_monotonic_counter>`, :ref:`Semantic (SW) <ug_fw_update_image_versions_mcuboot>`
     - Image swap - single primary
       Dual-slot direct-xip

The table symbol can be read as follows:

``*`` SMP with MCUboot is only available for Bluetooth® Low Energy and serial UART.

> (See the :ref:`ug_fw_update` page to learn about other DFU methods.)

Reviewer 3: These are notes for MCUboot? We do not support bluetooth in MCUboot dfu, we only support it in applications.
We support CDC USB as uart device in MCUboot.

Author: @hellesvik-nordic  can you please take a look at this? Maybe I haven't worded something correctly.

Reviewer: Oh, is that what this column means? What DFU method is supported inside the bootloader?
That is not how I read it at all, but now that you say it that makes sense.
If I misunderstand this, chances are others will as well.
Then the question would be: How can we make it clear that the table talks about DFU from the bootloader itself?

Reviewer: To elaborate:
How I read it before: "When you use this bootloader, the device can be DFUed via SMP"
How I read it now: "The bootloader has SMP functionality integrated in the bootloader image"

Author: Hm, maybe the column can just be renamed to something like, "SMP capabilities"?
![image](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/assets/51916561/b7c678e7-2f0b-45dc-9a67-32ccc8aea10e)

Reviewer: SMP Capabilities still could be read as "NSIB does not support DFU". 
What are we trying to get across with this column? What do readers gain from it?

Reviewer 4: I think column "smp updates" is about application capabilities, not bootloader capabilities. We rather need another column for describe bootloader build in recovery-DFU capabilities like serial recovery or USB-DFU class available in MCUboot.

Maybe the column title should be renamed to something like "SMP updates by the application"?

Author: I have attempted to address these changes - updated the table for Bootloaders, and added some information in the "DFU" index page. Please take a look.

> The table symbol can be read as follows:
> 
> ``*`` SMP with MCUboot is only available for Bluetooth® Low Energy and serial UART.
> (See the :ref:`ug_fw_update` page to learn about other DFU methods.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``*`` table symbol indicates that SMP with MCUboot is only available for Bluetooth® Low Energy and serial UART.
(See the :ref:`ug_fw_update` page to learn about other DFU methods.)
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestions, Greg, and for clarifying. I agree, and this makes sense.
But won't implement due to change in plans (so no longer applicable)

     - Yes
     - :doc:`See imgtool <mcuboot:imgtool>`
     - No

>      - No

Reviewer: Was the intention to remove the column or not?
As is now, the column is still there, but says "no" for both, which is not true.

Author: Sorry, my intention was to leave it, will fix - thanks for catching
